[RLlib; docs] New API stack migration guide. (#47779)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-new-api-stack.rst

> RLlib's New API Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RLlib's new API stack
```

=====================

.. hint::

>     This section describes in detail what the new API stack is and why you should migrate to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This section describes the new API stack and why you should migrate to it
```

>     (in case you have old API stack custom code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if you have old API stack custom code.
```

>     :ref:`See here for a comprehensive migration guide <rllib-new-api-stack-migration-guide>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the :ref:`migration guide <rllib-new-api-stack-migration-guide>` for details.
```

Overview
--------

Starting in Ray 2.10, you can opt-in to the alpha version of a "new API stack", a fundamental overhaul from the ground
up with respect to architecture, design principles, code base, and user facing APIs.
The following select algorithms and setups are available.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 25 25 25 25 25 25

   * - Feature/Algo (on new API stack)
     - **APPO**
     - **DQN**
     - **IMPALA**
     - **PPO**
     - **SAC**
   * - Single- and Multi-Agent
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - Fully-connected (MLP)
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - Image inputs (CNN)
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - RNN support (LSTM)
     - Yes
     - No
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - No
   * - Complex inputs (flatten)
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes

Over the next few months, the RLlib Team continues to document, test, benchmark, bug-fix, and
further polish these new APIs as well as rollout more algorithms

> that you can run in the new stack (with a focus on offline RL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you can run in the new stack, with a focus on offline RL.
```

> Also know that you are able to continue using your custom classes and setups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can continue using custom classes and setups
```

> on the old API stack for the foreseeable future (beyond Ray 3.0), however, we do recommend you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the old API stack for the foreseeable future, beyond Ray 3.0. However, you should
```

> to migrate to the new stack :ref:`using the migration guide here <rllib-new-api-stack-migration-guide>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
migrate to the new stack with the :ref:`migration guide <rllib-new-api-stack-migration-guide>`
```

> What is the New API Stack?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New API stack
```

    (in case you have old API stack custom code).
    :ref:`See here for a comprehensive migration guide<new-api-stack-migration-guide>`.

Overview
--------

Starting in Ray 2.10, you can opt-in to the alpha version of a "new API stack", a fundamental overhaul from the ground
up with respect to architecture, design principles, code base, and user facing APIs.
The following select algorithms and setups are available.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 40 40 40

   * - Feature/Algo (on new API stack)
     - **APPO**
     - **DQN**
     - **IMPALA**
     - **PPO**
     - **SAC**
   * - Single- and Multi-Agent
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - Fully-connected (MLP)
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - Image inputs (CNN)
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - RNN support (LSTM)
     - Yes
     - No
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - No
   * - Complex inputs (flatten)
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - Yes

Over the next few months, the RLlib Team will continue to document, test, benchmark, bug-fix, and

> further polish these new APIs as well as rollout more and more algorithms (with a focus on offline RL)

Author: Sure, ok, I thought, we'd be more conservative and make sure this all works also for GPU and multi-GPU? Just don't want to announce too much that's not 98ish% stable.

that you can run in the new stack.

> Keep in mind that due to its alpha nature, when using the new stack, you might run into

Author: You are right. This is from an older iteration. Will fix this and make it more bullish.

Who should use the new API stack?
---------------------------------

> We recommend to cut over your code from old- to new API stack as soon as possible, as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate your code from the old to new API stack as soon as possible.
```

> classes and APIs have reached sufficient stability at this point and we only expect very minor changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classes and APIs are sufficiently stability. The Ray team expects very minor changes.
```

> from here on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> See here for a comprehensive migration guide allowing you to step-by-step translate your code from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`New API stack migration guide <rllib-new-api-stack-migration-guide>` for a comprehensive migration guide with step-by-step instructions on translating your code from the
```

> old- to new API stack in no time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
old to new API stack.
```

> Also, the following section, lists more compelling reasons to migrate to the new stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A comparison of the old to new API stack provides additional motivation for migrating to the new stack.
```

> Comparison to the Old API Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comparison to the old API stack
```

How to Use the New API Stack?
-----------------------------

> :ref:`See here for our complete and comprehensive migration guide <rllib-new-api-stack-migration-guide>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`New API stack migration guide <rllib-new-api-stack-migration-guide>` for a complete and comprehensive migration guide
```

> describing in detail which steps you have to take and which changes you have to apply to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with detailed steps and changes to apply to your
```

> custom RLlib classes in order to migrate from the old- to the new stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
custom RLlib classes to migrate from the old to the new stack.
```
